JAVA

Everyone hates java because you need a huge and clumsy JVM to run it, abysmal
startup times, verbosity and because programming in java mostly means working on
the most boring business logic legacy codebases written by some poor souls who
themselves despise their job almost as much as FPGA programming. Also, you have
to sell your soul to the devil, who goes by the name of Larry Ellison.

But then
     everyone hates C because its the ultimate footgun. Its physically
      impossible to write correct code.

     Same for C except for templating, which is even worse.
      Forgot a semicolon  errors.

     Everyone hates javascript because of its random type coercion and poor
      language design. Sort , , , variable hoisting and objects as maps
      with prototyping and mixing pre and self defined properties Also, its
      literally impossible to write a program that runs on the first try without
      errors. Wait, I have a better idea ... why not use it on the server
      Ill just use npm so I can leftpad.

     Everyone hates PHP which stands for Personal Home Page because of its
      InConsIstent standardlibrary namingConventions, security problems yay
      for evalGETfoo and, oh yes, mixing code and html. Its slow. Its
      impossible not to write spaghetti code in it. Its not so bad as it once
      was  the most recent version even introduced partial unicode support
    
     Everyone hates python for its global interpreter lock and the inability to
      move on from .. Its like being stuck in the s.
    
     Everyone hates ruby because its too fucking slow and too much dark magic
      going on. If it wasnt for that abhorrent monstrosity rubyonrails, it
      would have gone the way of the dodo decades ago. Ruby used to be the crack
      epidemic for vulnerable youth developers, but now everybody grew older,
      wiser, got their life under control, sobered up and thus ditched ruby.
    
     Everyone hates haskell because its not really usable in the real world
      strictly academia only and either way, nobody really gets what a goddamn
      monad is. You could specialize in haskell and starve to death in a world
      where software developers are the most precious resource.
    
     At least its not lisp though. help
    
     Everyone hates rust because its the oh so cool new thing to do and its
      so much better, the ultimate language to rule them all and every last
      piece of software absolutely must be rewritten in rust but, honestly, the
      borrow checker keeps me from getting anything done. also compile times
      duh.
    
     Everyone hates D because ... wait, nobody hates D because nobody uses it.
      Also, why settle on D if you could use rust D is for people who cant
      escape the sunk cost fallacy.
    
     Everyone hates golang because no generics and youre pretty much at
      googles mercy if you specialize in it, and weve seen how well that worked
      out for android devs.
    
     Everyone hates swift and kotlin for not bringing anything new to the
      table. they maybe improve the worst problems of java and objectivec a
      bit, but in the end, they do nothing other languages havent done better
      decades ago. pretty much the only revolutionarily good thing swift did was
      killing off objectivec. In the land of the blind, the one eyed is kind.
      Java devs love kotlin only because at least its not java.
    
     Everyone hates perl because, duh, thats perl I thought I cated a binary
      executable by accident. My speaker starts bleeping when I view the source
      code of some scripts.
    
     C oh right, lets just forget what Microsoft did to us for the last 
      years. Theyll certainly never use their power for evil again I cant
      even remember who Steve Ballmer is anymore.
    
     typescript An interpreted language that has to be precompiled before
      use Javascripts heap of dung with glitter and pink ribbons on top
    
     Webassembly is not a programming language but everyone still hates it as
      it finally removes javascripts inherent opensourcyness from the open web.
    
     There are a couple of dead languages nobody hates because all people who
      hated them are also dead. Looking at you, pascaldelphi. Not basic though,
      everyone still hates basic  its already genetic.
    
     If you want a good language for writing a telephone switch, use erlang or
      elixir.
    
     I dont know much about R, but after seeing an economist use it I was
      ready to kill myself  or rather, the economist. Anyway, its far too slow
      to be of much use for actual software development.
    
     Everyone hates matlab because ... well, matlab isnt a programming
      language, its a kind of fancy and overly expensive caluclator that
      specializes in university lockin.
    
     Assembly used to be pretty good language if youre criminally insane.
      Nowadays assembly knowledge is only relevant for failed games by bored
      multibillionaires.
    
     I dont know if shellscript counts as a programming language, because
      its probably not turing complete.
    
     There are some languages that may or may not be better than CC, like
     pony or nim, but nobody except for their inventors know. Wait, thats not
     completely true  ponys compiler is not even selfhosted and written in c,
     so not even the inventor of pony actually uses pony.

Now theres only one language left, and by principle of exclusion it may be the
one that doesnt suck. Its brainfuck.